Welcome back.
In this video we're going to be going over solutions to the reduce exercises some of these are pretty
tricky.
So if you didn't get them all.
That's ok.
Feel free to go back and try these After watching the video.
Let's start with our first function extract value which accepts an array and some key.
We're going to return the result of reducing the array in our accumulator is going to start as an empty
array inside of the callback.
We're going to push into that accumulator each object at that key and then we'll return the accumulator
which will be the array that we built up.
Remember not to return the result of the push method because it returns the new lenth not the array
itself.
You've actually seen our next function valid count.
If you've done the for each exercise except this time we're going to use reduce value count except a
string and inside of this function we'll first make a string called vowels which will contain all the
vowels we need.
We'll then return the result of splitting the string by each character and reducing it or accumulator
is going to begin as an empty object.
And the first thing we'll do inside of reduce is check to see if the character that we're at is a vowel.
We'll do this using index of and make sure that each character is lowercase.
If a character that we're at is a vowel we then need to check and see if that key exists in our accumulator
and if it does what increment that value.
Otherwise we'll set the key in the accumulator which is the letter that we're at and assign it to the
number one after the if statement or return the accumulator.
So we can keep holding it up or an x function and key in value we're going to accept an array a key
and about out here we're going to return the result of reducing this array and our accumulator is going
to start as the array that we passed to this function inside of the callback to reduce will access each
specific value at the index that we're at and set a key inside of it to be whatever value we pass of
this function will then return the accumulator to make sure we keep building up our array of objects.
For a last function partition we're going to accept an array and a callback.
And we're going to reduce this array into an array of arrays inside of the callback to reduce.
We're going to see if the result of the callback at the value we're at is true.
If it is we're going to push it into the first subquery.
Otherwise we'll push it into the second sub array.
Finally we'll make sure to return the accumulator so we can keep building up our array of arrays.
That's all for the reduced exercise this is sure to let us know if you have any questions and we'll
see you in the next video.